About National Rail’s Days Out Guide

What is Days Out Guide?

Simply put, National Rail’s Days Out Guide gives you 2FOR1 and other great special offers when you travel by train.

Our offers include everything from theme parks to museums, theatre tickets to football stadium tours, plus hotels, restaurants and much more. So there’s bound to be something to suit everyone.

And not only can you save money by taking the train to any of the hundreds of great attractions, it also means you’re reducing your carbon footprint.


How does it work?

You just need to travel by train and present your valid train tickets to your chosen attraction, along with your Days Out Guide voucher or booking reference. Simply:

Choose your attraction from the hundreds on offer

Download and print your vouchers from the website, or buy your tickets online

Travel by train

At the attraction, present your voucher or online tickets along with your valid train tickets

Have fun!



Do I have to book my train tickets and attractions in advance?

Train tickets
You can plan your train journey and book tickets on the National Rail website. You do not have to book your train tickets in advance, although it is often advised to do so, especially when travelling at busy times or during holiday periods.

Visit our Train Fares, Discounts and Ticket Validity page for more information on which train tickets you can use for your Days Out Guide offers.

Attractions
For most attractions you can turn up on the day, while many also allow booking in advance. We always advise booking ahead where possible. You do not need to print a Days Out Guide paper voucher for an attraction that you have pre-booked. 


Are my Railcard or GroupSave discounted train tickets valid in conjunction with the offers?

Yes, both Railcard and GroupSave discounted National Rail tickets are valid for the offers.

Railcard and Groupsave discounted National Rail tickets will be accepted as evidence of travelling by train at the attraction/venue.

However, Railcards alone are not valid for 2FOR1 offers.


Can I use the offers if I’m travelling from outside Great Britain?

Yes, anyone travelling by National Rail is able to use Days Out Guide offers.


What do I do if I have a query?

You can check the FAQ box below for some common queries. If you can't find the information you need there you can:


Visit our terms and conditions page

If your query is about an attraction, please contact them directly. You will find contact details on their attraction listing page

If your query is about train travel, please visit the National Rail home page or the National Rail Contact Us page

If you require further help, please contact Days Out Guide


FAQs

Where must I travel to and from to get 2FOR1 or other offers?
To get your 2FOR1 or other offer, all tickets should show that you have travelled to the attraction by train.

This can be with tickets showing ‘London Terminals’ for 2FOR1 London offers, or the train station nearest to the attraction itself. Visit our Train Fares, Discounts and Ticket Validity page for more details.

Tickets that have a destination too far from the attraction’s location may be denied by attraction staff. You can find details of each attraction’s nearest station on the individual listing page.


How do I keep my train tickets to use them for a 2FOR1 or other offer?
If you are worried that the ticket barrier will keep your ticket when you exit the station, please ask a member of staff to let you through manually. This will ensure you retain your tickets to redeem 2FOR1 or other offers at attractions.


How many printed vouchers are required? And how many vouchers can I download?
1 printed voucher is required per 2 people, per attraction

For 2FOR1 offers 1 person pays the full adult price and the second person goes free on presentation of each voucher and pair of valid National Rail tickets.  

There may be occasions when this does not apply. For example there are restaurants participating which may offer 2FOR1 on main courses or similar.  

For other offers please check the terms and conditions on the individual attraction listing.


You can download up to 3 vouchers per attraction at any one time

For example, if you have selected a 2FOR1 offer it will cover your entry for up to 6 people. 

You can add as many attractions as you like to your basket before completing your download. 


Can I travel on a day other than the one I chose when downloading a voucher?
Yes, you can travel on a day other than the one you chose when downloading a voucher if you show up with the printed voucher and valid train tickets on the day of your visit. 

Remember to check when the offer expires! 


Can I use my 2FOR1 or other offer printed voucher on the day it expires?
Yes, you can use your 2FOR1 voucher on the date that the offer expires.

For example, if the 2FOR1 offer expires on 31 October, you can use the 2FOR1 or other offers voucher on the 31 October. 


Can I go to multiple attractions with a single train ticket?
Yes, you can go to multiple attractions with a single train ticket if the attractions are visited on the day that your rail ticket is valid.  


What happens if I don’t have a printer?
You must have a printed voucher, per 2 people, per attraction to redeem the offers advertised on this website.

Attractions require a hard copy of the voucher to be retained on entry. Vouchers shown on a mobile device are not accepted. 

When printing vouchers from email, please ensure all images are downloaded – some vouchers include barcodes that are essential for redemption. 

Please note many attraction offers are now available to book online. In these cases, you do not need a printed voucher, only your pre-booked 2FOR1 or other offer ticket and National Rail tickets. 

We cannot post vouchers for the offers advertised on this website to you. Vouchers should be downloaded, printed and presented at the attraction/venue to obtain the offer. If you are experiencing any issues downloading vouchers, please contact Days Out Guide(external link, opens in a new tab).


What do I do if I have forgotten my password or am experiencing other technical issues?
Please visit this page if you have forgotten your password. Enter your email address and then a link will be emailed to you, enabling you to reset it.

If you are still having trouble accessing your account, please contact Days Out Guide.

Cookies must be accepted to be able to use this website correctly. You may be required to update your Internet Browser or clear your cache to access our website and vouchers.

If you are unable to access the pages or vouchers you require, or for any other technical issues, please contact Days Out Guide for help.


What happens if I cannot travel by train due to weather or industrial action?
If weather or industrial action affects your ability to travel by train, and you have booked an advance booking ticket, then contact the attraction directly. If you have downloaded a paper voucher, discard that voucher and re-download for another day.


How can I request a refund on pre-booked attraction tickets?
Days Out Guide does not process any ticket payments, so you must contact the attraction directly to request a refund for tickets you have purchased with them. 

Please note:

Most offers are 2FOR1 entry, valid on full price adult tickets only. In the event of a full price and concessionary admission ticket being purchased together, the cheapest will be deducted, unless otherwise stated. Other offers such as 3FOR2 and X% off may apply. Please read the offer terms carefully

All offers apply to ‘on the door’ pricing, unless otherwise stated. These prices will sometimes vary from those displayed on the attraction’s website. Please see the individual attractions listing for pricing details. There may be occasions when this does not apply. For example, participating restaurants will be offering 2FOR1 on main courses or similar, in which case prices vary and the cheapest will be deducted

Conditions apply to specific attractions. Please always refer to the individual terms and conditions listed on the website and printed on your vouchers

2FOR1 leaflets are available at select National Rail Stations serviced by the following Train Operating Companies: C2C, Stansted Express, Greater Anglia, LNER, GWR and Chiltern. Leaflets are subject to availability and we cannot guarantee that all stations will have leaflets provided. Please check attraction listings to book your tickets online or download and print a voucher.
